README.md, before:

# Countdown

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Improved README.md (#1)
* Added features section
* Added 'Deployment and Code Quality' section
* Added badges to Codacy and Github Actions
* Removed Angular CLI Boilerplate (partial)
* Added CWF banner and links
* Added link to (this) repo

Signed-off-by: Dheshan Mohandass <dheshan.mail@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Countdown Timer
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ScottKwang/CodeWithFriends-Spring2020/master/assets/images/banner_new.png)

This project was made for submission to the CWF-Spring 2020.
Check out CWF's [github page](https://scottkwang.github.io/CodeWithFriends-Spring2020/) to learn more!

This project is a simple Angular implementation of a Catalogue of Countdowns, to anything. It allows you to create and track countdown to any Event or Activity and then view the countdown to the event in real-time.

![countdown-landing-page](docs/assets/landing.png)

## Deployment and Code Quality

![Firebase Deployment](https://github.com/L4TTiCe/CountdownTimer-Angular/workflows/Firebase%20Deployment/badge.svg) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e51b277890c24d2287036e8d6cf89eee)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/dheshan.mail/CountdownTimer-Angular?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=L4TTiCe/CountdownTimer-Angular&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

This project is deployed on Firebase and is hosted at https://countdowntimer-angular.web.app/. The source for the hosted application will be the master branch of [this](https://github.com/L4TTiCe/CountdownTimer-Angular) repository,

## Features

Some of the feature of this applications include

1. Material Style Cards to view countdowns.
2. Sharable links to countdowns, to facilitate better sharing of countdowns.
3. A like / favourite system to rank countdowns and display them in order of popularity.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
